# ***Authentication***


## ***OAuth***


### What is OAuth?

OAuth - an open-standard authorization framework allowing unrelated servers to connect and securely allow authenticated access to assests without exposing or leaking vital information.

### Give an example of what using OAuth would look like.
1. using google to log into multiple different websites. 
2. sending cloud stored files through your email. Two or more services being used for one transaction.
3. OpenID - an OAuth authentication layer

### How does OAuth work? What are the steps that it takes to authenticate the user?
is basically at least two sites that are unrelated working together with a user to achieve one result. OAuth is about authorization, NOT authentication. One source authenticates, the other that the user is trying to access is authorizing. The authorizer only has temporary access to this information.


### What is OpenID?
an OAuth authentication layer


## ***Authorization and Authentication flows***


### What is the difference between authorization and authentication?

Authentication = Verification
Authorization = Verifies who gets in., second server

### What is Authorization Code Flow?

the exchange of an authorization code in exchange for an access token.
### What is Authorization Code Flow with Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE)?

Proof Key for Code Exchange - an additional layer for mobile apps, mainly single page apps.

### What is Implicit Flow with Form Post?

intended for public clients. sites unable to store client secrets

### What is Client Credentials Flow?
 (M2M) - machine to machine. This authorizes an app instead of the user.

 ### What is Device Authorization Flow?
Authentication through devices. Gives you a temp code to authorize another device.

### What is Resource Owner Password Flow?
sharing information. Recommended only for re-direct flows.
