# ***Python Regular Expression Tutorial***

Regular Expressions, often shortened as regex, are a sequence of characters used to check whether a pattern exists in a given text (string) or not. If you've ever used search engines, search and replace tools of word processors and text editors - you've already seen regular expressions in use. They are used at the server side to validate the format of email addresses or passwords during registration, used for parsing text data files to find, replace, or delete certain string, etc. They help in manipulating textual data, which is often a prerequisite for data science projects involving text mining.


## Regular Expressions in Python

In Python, regular expressions are supported by the re module. That means that if you want to start using them in your Python scripts, you have to import this module with the help of import:
```
import re
```



## Basic Patterns: Ordinary Characters

You can easily tackle many basic patterns in Python using ordinary characters. Ordinary characters are the simplest regular expressions. They match themselves exactly and do not have a special meaning in their regular expression syntax.



## Wild Card Characters: Special Characters

Special characters are characters that do not match themselves as seen but have a special meaning when used in a regular expression. For simple understanding, they can be thought of as reserved metacharacters that denote something else and not what they look like.


example:


* . - A period. Matches any single character except the newline character.

* ^ - A caret. Matches the start of the string.

* $ - Matches the end of string.

* \ - Backslash. ::

If the character following the backslash is a recognized escape character, then the special meaning of the term is taken (Scenario 1)


Else if the character following the \ is not a recognized escape character, then the \ is treated like any other character and passed through (Scenario 2).


\ can be used in front of all the metacharacters to remove their special meaning (Scenario 3).

* \w - Lowercase 'w'. Matches any single letter, digit, or underscore.
* \W - Uppercase 'W'. Matches any character not part of \w (lowercase w).

## Repetitions
It becomes quite tedious if you are looking to find long patterns in a sequence. Fortunately, the re module handles repetitions using the following special characters:

* + - Checks if the preceding character appears one or more times starting from that position.

* * - Checks if the preceding character appears zero or more times starting from that position.


* ? - Checks if the preceding character appears exactly zero or one time starting from that position.



## Grouping in Regular Expressions

he group feature of regular expression allows you to pick up parts of the matching text. Parts of a regular expression pattern bounded by parenthesis () are called groups. The parenthesis does not change what the expression matches, but rather forms groups within the matched sequence. You have been using the group() function all along in this tutorial's examples. The plain match.group() without any argument is still the whole matched text as usual.

# ***shutil***


## Copying Files

copyfile() copies the contents of the source to the destination and raises IOError if it does not have permission to write to the destination file.


## Copying File Metadata
By default when a new file is created under Unix, it receives permissions based on the umask of the current user. To copy the permissions from one file to another, use copymode().


## Working With Directory Trees
shutil includes three functions for working with directory trees. To copy a directory from one place to another, use copytree(). It recurses through the source directory tree, copying files to the destination. The destination directory must not exist in advance.

## Finding Files
The which() function scans a search path looking for a named file. The typical use case is to find an executable program on the shell’s search path defined in the environment variable PATH.


## Archives
Python’s standard library includes many modules for managing archive files such as tarfile and zipfile. There are also several higher-level functions for creating and extracting archives in shutil. get_archive_formats() returns a sequence of names and descriptions for formats supported on the current system.

## File System Space
It can be useful to examine the local file system to see how much space is available before performing a long running operation that may exhaust that space. disk_usage() returns a tuple with the total space, the amount currently being used, and the amount remaining free.

