# Open-Source Software Contribution

## What is it?

Open-source software (OSS) is a rapidly growing industry that provides many benefits to the individuals and businesses who use it, as well as to its programmers. For developers, contributing to OSS means that they not only practice their programming skills, but that they also learn and gain feedback from more accomplished programmers. This jumping-in-the-deep-end style of learning provides aspiring programmers with real-life, first-hand experience and greatly accelerates their learning curve.

## How to get involved?

Contributing to open source for the first time can be scary and a little overwhelming. If you have never contributed to an open source project before and you’re just getting started.
## Why?

### 1. Improve Coding Skills

As with almost all professionals, the only way to truly learn and perfect your craft is to practice, practice, practice. However, few professions provide the means to practice on real projects. 

### 2. Gain Early Experience

Another motivation that is closely related to the first point is that OSS provides young developers with useful and valuable experience often required by companies for employment, even for internships and entry-level positions.

### 3. Increase Community and Peer Recognition

Most people who are passionate about something strive to be recognized for the quality work they produce, and for some, developing software is a huge passion. 

### 4. Greater Job Prospects

In the same way contributing to OSS can help you increase your chances of landing an internship, it can also improve your job and career prospects. Nowadays, when many tech companies receive a CV from a prospective developer, they usually skim over the sheets of paper and spend more time investigating the applicant’s Github account.

### 5. Improve Software on a User and Business Level.