# ***Game of Greed 1***

## ***How to use the Random Module in Python***

### Random functions

* Randint

If we wanted a random integer, we can use the randint function Randint accepts two parameters: a lowest and a highest number.

* Random

If you want a larger number, you can multiply it.

* Choice
Generate a random value from the sequence sequence.

* Shuffle
The shuffle function, shuffles the elements in list in place, so they are in a random order.

* Randrange
Generate a randomly selected element from range(start, stop, step)

## ***What is Risk Analysis in Software Testing and how to perform it?***

The probability of any unwanted incident is defined as Risk. In Software Testing, risk analysis is the process of identifying the risks in applications or software that you built and prioritizing them to test. After that, the process of assigning the level of risk is done. The categorization of the risks takes place, hence, the impact of the risk is calculated.

### Why use Risk Analysis?

In any software, using risk analysis at the beginning of a project highlights the potential problem areas. After knowing about the risk areas, it helps the developers and managers to mitigate the risks.

### Risk Identification

1. Business Risks:

 This risk is the most common risk associated with our topic. It is the risk that may come from your company or your customer, not from your project.

2. Testing Risks:

 You should be well acquainted with the platform you are working on, along with the software testing tools being used.

3. Premature Release Risk:

 a fair amount of knowledge to analyze the risk associated with releasing unsatisfactory or untested software is required

4. Software Risks:

 You should be well versed with the risks associated with the software development process.

### Risk Assessment

In the risk analysis process, these steps prove to be the most important one. It is said that this step is way too complex and should be tackled with the utmost care. After risk identification, assessment has to be dealt programmatically. There are a few perspectives on risk assessment.

### The perspective of Risk Assessment

1. Effect  

To assess risk by Effect. In case you identify a condition, event or action and try to determine its impact.

2. Cause

To assess risk by Cause is opposite of by Effect. Initialize scanning the problem and reach to the point that could be the most probable reason behind that.

3. Likelihood

To assess risk by Likelihood is to say that there is a probability that a requirement won’t be satisfied.

### How to perform Risk Analysis?

1. Searching the risk

2. Analyzing the impact of each individual risk

3. Measures for the risk identified
