# ***FileIO & Exceptions***


## ***Reading and Writing Files in Python***


### What Is a File?
At its core, a file is a contiguous set of bytes used to store data. This data is organized in a specific format and can be anything as simple as a text file or as complicated as a program executable. In the end, these byte files are then translated into binary 1 and 0 for easier processing by the computer.x


### File Paths
The file path is a string that represents the location of a file. It’s broken up into three major parts:

1. Folder Path
2. File Name
3. Extension


### Opening and Closing a File in Python
you can open a file in python by invoking the open() built-in function. open() has a single required argument that is the path to the file. open() has a single return, the file object

It’s important to remember that it’s your responsibility to close the file and you can close the file by using the built-in function .close()


for opening the file you have more then one option based on what you want to do qith the file 

1. 'r' : 	Open for reading (default)
2. 'w' : 	Open for writing, truncating (overwriting) the file first

3. 'rb' or 'wb'  : 	Open in binary mode (read/write using byte data)


### Reading and Writing Opened Files
Once you’ve opened up a file, you’ll want to read or write to the file. There are multiple methods that can be called on a file object to help you out:
1. .read(size=-1) :  This reads from the file based on the number of size bytes. If no argument is passed or None or -1 is passed, then the entire file is read.

2. .readline(size=-1) : This reads at most size number of characters from the line. This continues to the end of the line and then wraps back around. If no argument is passed or None or -1 is passed, then the entire line (or rest of the line) is read.

3. .readlines() : This reads the remaining lines from the file object and returns them as a list.


### Iterating Over Each Line in the File
A common thing to do while reading a file is to iterate over each line, .readline() method to perform that iteration



file objects have multiple methods that are useful for writing to a file

1. .write(string)  :  	This writes the string to the file.

2. .writelines(seq) :  This writes the sequence to the file. No line endings are appended to each sequence item. It’s up to you to add the appropriate line ending(s).




## ***Python Exceptions: An Introduction***


exception error :  his type of error occurs whenever syntactically correct Python code results in an error.     



## Raising an Exception
We can use raise to throw an exception if a condition occurs. The statement can be complemented with a custom exception



## The AssertionError Exception
Instead of waiting for a program to crash midway, you can also start by making an assertion in Python. We assert that a certain condition is met. If this condition turns out to be True, then that is excellent! The program can continue. If the condition turns out to be False, you can have the program throw an AssertionError exception.



## The try and except Block: Handling Exceptions

The try and except block in Python is used to catch and handle exceptions. Python executes code following the try statement as a “normal” part of the program. The code that follows the except statement is the program’s response to any exceptions in the preceding try clause.

In the try clause, all statements are executed until an exception is encountered.


## The else Clause
else lets you code sections that should run only when no exceptions are encountered in the try clause.

## Cleaning Up After Using finally
finally enables you to execute sections of code that should always run, with or without any previously encountered exceptions.