# Dunder
In Python, special methods are a set of predefined methods you can use to enrich your classes. They are easy to recognize because they start and end with double underscores, for example __init__ or __str__.

As it quickly became tiresome to say under-under-method-under-under Pythonistas adopted the term “dunder methods”, a short form of “double under.”

These “dunders” or “special methods” in Python are also sometimes called “magic methods.” But using this terminology can make them seem more complicated than they really are—at the end of the day there’s nothing “magical” about them. You should treat these methods like a normal language feature.

## Special Methods and the Python Data Model
This elegant design is known as the Python data model and lets developers tap into rich language features like sequences, iteration, operator overloading, attribute access, etc.

You can see Python’s data model as a powerful API you can interface with by implementing one or more dunder methods. If you want to write more Pythonic code, knowing how and when to use dunder methods is an important step.



# Python Iterators


## Python Iterators That Iterate Forever

```
class Repeater:
    def __init__(self, value):
        self.value = value

    def __iter__(self):
        return RepeaterIterator(self)
```





# What Are Python Generators?
 

This is what the class looked like in its second (simplified) version:
```
class Repeater:
    def __init__(self, value):
        self.value = value

    def __iter__(self):
        return self

    def __next__(self):
        return self.value
```
If you’re thinking, “that’s quite a lot of code for such a simple iterator,” you’re absolutely right. Parts of this class seem rather formulaic, as if they would be written in exactly the same way from one class-based iterator to the next.

This is where Python’s generators enter the scene. If I rewrite this iterator class as a generator, it looks like this:
```
def repeater(value):
    while True:
        yield value
```


Now, how do these generators work? They look like normal functions, but their behavior is quite different. For starters, calling a generator function doesn’t even run the function. It merely creates and returns a generator object