# Code of Ethics:
## Ethics in the workplace:

Tn the absence of positive actions, such as publicly supporting an international ban on autonomous weapons, Google will have to offer more public transparency as to the systems they build. Otherwise we will continue to rely on the conscientious employees wiling to risk their positions in Google to ensure the company ‘does no evil.

## ethics of a self-driving car ethics of a self-driving car:
self driving car is a great teck and its also the future but I thing it needs a lot of ethical thinking 
we should define an orders list of the things that we will care off, but the problem while always be who while dicide it and based on what ??

## AI at Google: our principles:

Beyond our products, we’re using AI to help people tackle urgent problems. A pair of high school students are building AI-powered sensors to predict the risk of wildfires. Farmers are using it to monitor the health of their herds. Doctors are starting to use AI to help diagnose cancer and prevent blindness. These clear benefits are why Google invests heavily in AI research and development, and makes AI technologies widely available to others via our tools and open-source code.


We will assess AI applications in view of the following objectives. We believe that AI should:
1. Be socially beneficial. 

2. Avoid creating or reinforcing unfair bias.

3. Be built and tested for safety.

4. Be accountable to people.

5. Incorporate privacy design principles.

6. Uphold high standards of scientific excellence.

7. Be made available for uses that accord with these principles.  

