# ***Thinking Recursively in Python***

## Recursive Functions in Python
A recursive function is a function defined in terms of itself via self-referential expressions.
This means that the function will continue to call itself and repeat its behavior until some condition is met to return a result. All recursive functions share a common structure made up of two parts: base case and recursive case.

## Maintaining State
When dealing with recursive functions, keep in mind that each recursive call has its own execution context, so to maintain state during recursion you have to either:

* Thread the state through each recursive call so that the current state is part of the current call’s execution context

* Keep the state in global scope

## Recursive Data Structures in Python
A data structure is recursive if it can be deﬁned in terms of a smaller version of itself. A list is an example of a recursive data structure.

The recursive function’s structure can often be modeled after the definition of the recursive data structure it takes as an input.


# ***Python Testing with pytest***


## Fixtures
of you want to have some objects available to all of your tests. Those objects might contain data you want to share across tests, or they might involve the network or filesystem. These are often known as "fixtures" in the testing world

### defining 
In pytest, you define fixtures using a combination of the pytest.fixture decorator, along with a function definition.
```
def reverse_lines(f):
   return [one_line.rstrip()[::-1] + '\n'
           for one_line in f]
```


```
@pytest.fixture
def simple_file():
   return StringIO('\n'.join(['abc', 'def', 'ghi', 'jkl']))
```



## Coverage

### how can you include code coverage with pytest?
It turns out that there's a package called pytest-cov on PyPI that you can download and install. Once that's done, you can invoke pytest with the --cov option and provide an argument to --cov, specifying which program(s) you want to test. And, you should indicate the directory into which the report should be written.

example:
```
pytest --cov=mymul .
```
Once you've done this, you'll need to turn the coverage report into something human-readable.
```
coverage html
```

This creates a directory called htmlcov. Open the index.html file in this directory using your browser, and you'll get a web-based report showing (in red) where your program still lacks coverage.